

USE CASES:

In software and systems engineering, the phrase use case is a polyseme with two senses:

1. A usage scenario for a piece of software; often used in the plural to suggest situations where a piece of software may be useful.
2. A potential scenario in which a system receives an external request (such as user input) and responds to it.

-reformulate use cases

NOT DONE
1. server GUI - list of connected users, connection history- "user x has connected", server - close server button - z

DONE
2. timestamp on each message - m

3. file - menu : "save chat log" vilket sparar hela klientens chatt som text fil, help - som förklarar programmet - r, v

4. ljud när man skickar meddelande, när man får meddelande - olika ljud - r, v

DONE
5. broadcast and update message for all clients - all

NOT DONE
6. do you wish to close the server?  SERVER GUI -- z

NOT DONE
7. do you wish to close the client?, JOPTION pane "Do you wish to close the server" YES ---> close client  -- v

NOT DONE
8. Failed to connect to server- no transition if server is not running. JOption "failed to connect to server - server not running" - M

9. Client can see who is connected to the server. - M, Z

9.1: Server can also see list of users. - Z

10. Server shutdown button. -Z

11. If server shuts down, all client windows need to close. Write to all clients - Server has shut down. -Z

12. skapa en server shutdown meddelande funktion. -Z

13. Help describes the chat. It will open a JOPTIONPANE which lists the authors and creation date and version. (see m-chat) - R, V

14. Edit - edit username, clear all history, edit chat color - R, V

15. Invalid username- "blank space cant connect" - M

SPARA CHAT LOG:

-användaren kan spara sin chat log som en text fil
-servern kan spara sin chat log och återuppta den, så att om man stänger ner servern och startar om den kommer den gamla chatten upp igen.

förslag: se bara det som skrivits sen client joinat själv.


//hello
























